[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: How are each
of the included modules,
how are they chosen in PM modules?
>> Brian: That's an in-depth question for
another day.
But I think that basic gist of it here is
that I basically looked at the project
that I wanted to build which is a basic
Netflix clone and I just kind of.
Hence, like the things, one that I
understood already, and two, just like
that happened to fit the opinions
of what we wanted to achieve here.
And that's kind of a lesson for you all
when you're starting your projects is,
don't choose things just because
they're hot and shiny and nice,
choose them because they fit what you're
going for what you're trying to do.
So don't go for shininess slash
novelty but go for utility and
if it's actually going to add something to
your project or if you're just doing it.
Cuz you want another thing in
your LinkedIn endorsements.
>> Brian: So hopefully that is
a sufficiently vague answer.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 1: Well there is a lot
of thumbs up that came in so cool.
There are quite a few people online.
>> Speaker 3: I think the official count
is 162.
>> Brian: Cool, 162 people online,
that's awesome.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah,
we have a bunch of questions, so.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, the next one was,
we were loading the data from
a file in our bundle, in JS.
Are we going to go over the approach
of using AJAX to request this data.
>> Brian: Yeah, that's one of the later
lessons today.
>> Speaker 3: Okay, and
then have you ever, have you developed
a starter NPM file or a starter standard,
one that used for react.
>> Brian: I typically don't use
boilerplates.
I don't know if I necessarily have
a reason for that, I just haven't.
But there are lots and lots and
lots of them out there for
React and Redux and
Hot Module reload and Webpack and
there's lots of other plates out there
that I'm sure you can Google it just as
well as I can.
>> Speaker 3: And
then the question on global npm
installs They're saying that they've
attempted to stay away from global MPM
in favor of local dependencies and
supporting MPM scripts.
Is that a worthwhile effort
from your perspective?
>> Brian: I use global installs for
things that I used often, like Webpack.
I can jump from project to project and
just save, Webpack run.
Most of these projects are smart enough to
say, if there's a local version of this
I'm gonna go use that so
that you get the right version.
And then if if not then I'm gonna run
it from whatever my global install is.
So I mean it's totally up to you.
If that still is something you
wanna avoid then go for it.
I personally don't but I don't necessarily
have a great reason for that either so,
up to you.
>> Speaker 3: They're
just wanting to know, go over again,
why do you prefer not using semicolons and
where is it not allowed?
>> Brian: I like using or
not using semicolons.
Cuz one, it's one less character
type at the end of every statement.
There is really no drawback to it,
there's no performance gains or
losses, it's totally a wash in that sense.
There is one gotcha with it that you can't
start a new line with a parenthesis or
a square bracket or anything like that.
But we're using standard that will
automatically catch us from doing
something like that.
It just disallows starting new
lines with that and beyond that
it's purely a preference thing.
If you really don't feel comfortable
with it then that's okay with me
too.
>> Speaker 3: Next one is,
can you go over how props are passed
down in both react.create class and
a state list component.
>> Brian: Well
the way to the past down
is totally agnostic, right?
In fact, here's a good example,
you just say name of your prop and
valueIWantToPassDown, right?
Oops, you need an equals sign there.
So you don't actually have to care what
kind of component show card is and
I think that's kind of the beauty
of whether it's a class or
a status function or
a create class component.
Search which is what we're in right
now search.jsx is totally agnostic
to whatever this is.
And you always pass them down the same
way and yeah, you just do it this way
with the name of your key here and then
the value that you're passing down here.
You can also like make this, oops,
make this string as well and
that's how you make it a string as well.
That's very HTML-ish right?
It's kind of the point.
>> Brian: Other
questions?
>> Speaker 3: What are your thoughts on
tools that aim to address the headache
of tooling, with developing,
react TS, for example RWB?
>> Brian: Yeah,
there's a couple projects out there.
There is react project which is
the one from Ryan Florence, that's one
I've twittered around a little bit with.
>> Brian: I don't
know if RWB is the one from Pete Hunt, but
there's another one out there as well.
They're all trying to emulate Ember CLI
which is like one of the most
compelling reasons to use Ember because
Ember CLI is just like amazing,
it helps you scaffold up
a product really quickly.
It will run a server for you, it just
has a bunch of the right opinions for
Ember and people coming from member
to react really miss using Ember CLI.
We're all trying to rush in
get the right thing there.
Yeah I haven't found one compelling enough
that I just like always go to it yet,
like I found my Ember CLI.
And I guess that's part of the extent of
my opinion on the subject as I haven't
found one compelling enough yet.
But I'm excited for people working on it
to hopefully get one right in the future
that we can go ahead and all rally around.
>> Speaker 3: How
is Netflix managing node modules?
Presumably Netflix doesn't
update from public mpm.
>> Brian: I think the Hevlevy
answer I should give is that we do have
something in from the public registry.
And I'm going to leave it at that.
Unfortunately, sorry.
>> Speaker 3: How
well does RxJS play with react.
For instance use it for the search filter
that we were working on yesterday.
>> Brian: Yeah, well,
it's something that bears
mentioning is that.
It the project is called to react but
it is not reactive really at all.
[LAUGH] That confuses a lot of
people to hear reactive programmers,
react as like no.
React to programming and
react are very very different.
To the point that react is actually
becoming more scheduling and botched base.
And reactive is obviously, reactive
uses observables and things like that.
So I just want to dispel that
connotation in anyone's mind.
Now the question asked is does RX and
the play nicely with react?
And the answer is as in as well as,
any asynchronous type works with
reactor it fairs, no better no worse
than using promises with react.
It's just another methodology
of using of asynchronous code.
For the most part,
I mean we do use obviously
RX everywhere particularly in our
back end services at Netflix.
We don't have a ton of reason
to use them in our front end so
we just like, we don't force it right.
We don't necessarily have
to have them in there.
That in the Netflix interface particular
non-member side which is what I work on,
there's not tons of asynchrony.
So we tend not to include RxJS just
because it is such a large project and
it's kind of a sledgehammer for
a tiny nail problem.
But it does play nicely if I mean
if that's what you're going for
if you're looking for, reactive push
type asynchrony it works really
well for that.
>> Speaker 3: Question,
can you go over this dot state again?
Do you need to define
get initial state to use
it?
>> Brian: Yeah do I
have state in this one too?
I do, so the answer is,
I just want tell you yes,
you must do this because you really
really really really really should.
This is just useful documentation for
your future self and everyone else
coming to us like here's all the state
that I plan on tracking throughout this.
There's nothing to say that down
here you can't just initiate
a search term without having done it here.
But it's just good practice to make
sure that you're defining all of your
state before you're using it.
In fact there should really be a literal
for that if there isn't already, so
the answer is you can get around it,
the end but the real answer is you
really don't want to get around it.
This is very useful for you and
you should really always do
this.
>> Speaker 3: What
are your thoughts on electron
with react in GS for
desktops apps in general.
>> Brian: I
really don't have a good answer for
that, I've only toyed with electron.
So everything I'm about to
say is just conjecture and
to take that face value.
>> Speaker 1: I think we'll do a React
native course in the future but
yeah maybe even the summer.
>> Brian: That would be really cool,
react native and or and or electron.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.
>> Brian: It's really cool it should fit
together nicely.
I know a bunch of people
are using react with electron.
I know Adam used to and
they actually ended up migrating
away from it but that's because Adam
has a level of performance requirements
even higher than what react could offer.
And so it was too much of
an abstraction for them.
I would say most people are not creating
text editors where you expect a type and
immediately see it and
you're editing huge files, right?
So most people don't have that
severe performance concerns and
you shouldn't right?
It usually reacts as sufficiently fast for
most problems.
>> Brian: I know other people are using
it, at this point I might be making it up.
But I recall it Spotify, because I know
Spotify is built on either Electron or
node-webkit.
One of the two or NW, I guess is what it's
called now and that seems to work okay.
So yeah anything that works in a browser
should work fairly well and in electron,
that's about all I can say about that.
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH]
Another question,
Webpack is great because
of hot module replacement.
Can you do something similar with roll up?
>> Brian: I don't think so,
not that I'm aware of.
We will talk about hot module reload today
but we're just going to talk about it.
We're not actually going to implement
it and I'll talk about the rest that
when we get there again.
>> Speaker 3: Okay this is going to follow
up to a previous question are the props
passed down and react create class.
I notice when you use a stateless
class the example had
props as an explicit parameter.
This wasn't the case when
using react create class,
why is that?
>> Brian: Well we're doing React
createClass here, this actually is
creating an entire context for us, right?
Like this is actually an object
component that we have and
thus it has of this, right?
So if we go over to the landing,
if you do this in here,
it's going to refer to
the function prototype, right?
Because this isn't actually any sort
of objects or any sort of functions.
It's literally just a bare
bones JavaScript function, so
react to can't hook into this and make it.
They can't give it a context right?
So that's why you have
to put props into here
because that's the only way it's
gonna get those props passed in.
And that's the necessary part of
moving to a stateless functional
component.
>> Speaker 3: Are there
any react form validation
libraries that you
recommend?
>> Brian: The only one that I'm aware of
that I have never ever used.
So again venture at your own peril
is formally like most of you that
have done angular have heard of angular
formally there is a reactor formally.
I don't know how well baked it is.
I know Kent and
he's going to come and teach I think in
front of master sometime in the future.
He's a brilliant developer and probably
one of the nicest people I've ever met.
And he maintains that project and
I know people just go crazy for
angular formerly and so
I imagine react form they can be only as
good.
>> Speaker 3: With
respect to testing the reactor
you mostly testing UI,
do you keep your business logic elsewhere?
>> Brian: We're literally about to talk
about that but
that's like the next section but yeah.
What we'll talk about the next session
if I don't sufficiently answer that,
then ask it again.
>> Speaker 3: Question on hash history
versus browser history,
hash history seems easiest but ugliest.
Browser history is pretty but needy in
terms of server routing support for
deep links, thoughts?
>> Brian: Agreed,
[LAUGH] I totally agree
with that assertion.
And we're gonna switch to browser
history later today so we'll talk
about that as well, more in-depth.
>> Speaker 3: Is there any way to
get around hot module
reloading not working
well with stateless components?
>> Brian: No,
not as far as I know which is
why we're not doing it today.
That's actually the very reason that
we're not gonna implement it today.